readme.md, before:

# Project-01 Accordions

Accordion, allow the user to toggle between hiding and showing blocks of content with a single click, thus greatly enhancing the user experience (ux) of the project.

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/01_Accordions/screenshot.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Accordion hosted link](https://accordion-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Project-02 Color_Changer

On clicking the button the canvas changes its color to various random colors.

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/02_ColorChanger/Image/screenshot.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Color-changer hosted link](https://color-changer-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Project-03 Password Generator

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/03_PasswordGenerator/Image/Project.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Password-generator hosted link](https://password-generator-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Connect with me:

### _*Raghavendra Tejas*_

```shell
tejasraghavendra8@gmail.com
```

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0077b5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logocolor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/raghavendra-tejas-348960241/)

[Find Coder Profile](https://www.findcoder.io/u/raghavendra_tejas)

Commit message:

added basic counter details to the readme.md file

readme.md, after:

# Project-01 Accordions

Accordion, allow the user to toggle between hiding and showing blocks of content with a single click, thus greatly enhancing the user experience (ux) of the project.

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/01_Accordions/screenshot.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Accordion hosted link](https://accordion-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Project-02 Color_Changer

On clicking the button the canvas changes its color to various random colors.

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/02_ColorChanger/Image/screenshot.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Color-changer hosted link](https://color-changer-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Project-03 Password Generator

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/03_PasswordGenerator/Image/Project.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Password-generator hosted link](https://password-generator-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Project-04 Basic Counter

Allows the user to increment and decrement the number.

### Project Templete screenshot

![Webpage template](https://github.com/raghavendra-tejas/JavaScript-Projects/blob/main/05_BasicCounter/Image/Basic_Counter.png)

### Hosted webpage link

[Accordion hosted link](https://basic-counter-js-project.netlify.app/)

# Connect with me:

### _*Raghavendra Tejas*_

```shell
tejasraghavendra8@gmail.com
```

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0077b5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logocolor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/raghavendra-tejas-348960241/)

[Find Coder Profile](https://www.findcoder.io/u/raghavendra_tejas)
